feat: add `no-local-dependencies` rule (#1896)
JoshuaKGoldberg/eslint-plugin-package-json: site/src/content/docs/rule-list.md

| [bin-name-casing](/rules/bin-name-casing)                                                 | Enforce that names for bin properties are in kebab case.                                                                                                                                     | 🎨   |    | 💡 |
| [exports-subpaths-style](/rules/exports-subpaths-style)                                   | Enforce consistent format for the exports field (implicit or explicit subpaths).                                                                                                             | 🎨   | 🔧 |    |
| [no-empty-fields](/rules/no-empty-fields)                                                 | Reports on unnecessary empty arrays and objects.                                                                                                                                             | ✅ 📦 |    | 💡 |

> | [no-local-dependencies](/rules/no-local-dependencies)                                     | Requires that dependencies do not use local file paths, which will cause errors when installing from a registry.                                                                             |      |    |    |

Author: ```suggestion
| [no-local-dependencies](/rules/no-local-dependencies)                                     | Requires that dependencies do not use local file paths, which will likely result in errors when installing from a registry.                                                                             |      |    |    |
```
